ba be bi bo bu
ca ce ci co cu
da de di do du
fa fe fi fo fu
ga ge gi go gu
ha he hi ho hu
ja je ji jo ju
ka ke ki ko ku
la le li lo lu
ma me mi mo mu
na ne ni no nu
pa pe pi po pu
ra re ri ro ru
sa se si so su
ta te ti to tu
va ve vi vo vu
xa xe xi xo xu
ya ye yi yo yu
za ze zi zo zu

bc bd bf bg bh bl bm bn bp br bs bt bv bz
cb cd cf cg ch cl cm cn cp cr cs ct cv cz
db dc df dg dh dl dm dn dp dr ds dt dv dz
fb fc fd fg fh fl fm fn fp fr fs ft fv fz
gb gc gd gf gh gl gm gn gp gr gs gt gv gz
hb hc hd hf hg hl hm hn hp hr hs ht hv hz
lb lc ld lf lg lh lm ln lp lr ls lt lv lz
mb mc md mf mg mh ml mn mp mr ms mt mv mz
nb nc nd nf ng nh nl nm np nr ns nt nv nz
pb pc pd pf pg ph pl pm pn pr ps pt pv pz
rb rc rd rf rg rh rl rm rn rp rs rt rv rz
sb sc sd sf sg sh sl sm sn sp sr st sv sz
tb tc td tf tg th tl tm tn tp tr ts tv tz
vb vc vd vf vg vh vl vm vn vp vr vs vt vz
zb zc zd zf zg zh zl zm zn zp zr zs zt zv
 
aba abe abi abo abu aby aca ace aci aco
acu acy ada ade adi ado adu ady afa afe
afi afo afu aga age agi ago agu agy aha
ahe ahi aho ahu ahy aja aje aji ajo aju
ajy aka ake aki ako aku aky ala ale alo
alu aly ama ame ami amo amu amy ana ane
ani ano anu any apa ape api apo apu apy
ara are ari aro aru ary asa ase asi aso
asu asy ata ate ati ato atu aty ava ave
avi avo avu avy aza aze azi azo azu azy

bab bac bad bae baf bag bah bai baj bal
bam ban bao bap bar bas bat bau bav bay
baz bea beb bec bed bef beg beh bei bej
bel bem ben beo bep ber bes bet beu bev
bey bez bia bib bic bid bie bif big bih
bij bil bim bin bio bip bir bis bit biu
biv biy biz boa bob boc bod boe bof bog
boh boi boj bol bom bon bop bor bos bot
bou bov boy boz bua bub buc bud bue buf
bug buh bui buj bul bum bun buo bup bur
bus but buv buy buz

cab cac cad cae caf cag cah cai caj cal
cam can cao cap car cas cat cau cav cay
caz cea ceb cec ced cef ceg ceh cei cej
cel cem cen ceo cep cer ces cet ceu cev
cey cez cia cib cic cid cie cif cig cih
cij cil cim cin cio cip cir cis cit ciu
civ ciy ciz coa cob coc cod coe cof cog
coh coi coj col com con cop cor cos cot
cou cov coy coz cua cub cuc cud cue cuf
cug cuh cui cuj cul cum cun cuo cup cur
cus cut cuv cuy cuz

dab dac dad dae daf dag dah dai daj dal
dam dan dao dap dar das dat dau dav day
daz dea deb dec ded def deg deh dei dej
del dem den deo dep der des det deu dev
dey dez dia dib dic did die dif dig dih
dij dil dim din dio dip dir dis dit diu
div diy diz doa dob doc dod doe dof dog
doh doi doj dol dom don dop dor dos dot
dou dov doy doz dua dub duc dud due duf
dug duh dui duj dul dum dun duo dup dur
dus dut duv duy duz

eba ebe ebi ebo ebu eby eca ece eci eco
ecu ecy eda ede edi edo edu edy efa efe
efi efo efu efy ega ege egi ego egu egy
eha ehe ehi eho ehu ehy eja eje eji ejo
eju ejy eka eke eki eko eku eky ela ele
eli elo elu ely ema eme emi emo emu emy
ena ene eni eno enu eny epa epe epi epo
epu epy era ere eri ero eru ery esa ese
esi eso esu esy eta ete eti eto etu ety
eva eve evi evo evu evy eza eze ezi ezo
ezu ezy

fab fac fad fae faf fag fah fai faj fal
fam fan fao fap far fas fat fau fav fay
faz fea feb fec fed fef feg feh fei fej
fel fem fen feo fep fer fes fet feu fev
fey fez fia fib fic fid fie fif fig fih
fij fil fim fin fio fip fir fis fit fiu
fiv fiy fiz foa fob foc fod foe fof fog
foh foi foj fol fom fon fop for fos fot
fou fov foy foz fua fub fuc fud fue fuf
fug fuh fui fuj ful fum fun fuo fup fur
fus fut fuv fuy fuz

gab gac gad gae gaf gag gah gai gaj gal
gam gan gao gap gar gas gat gau gav gay
gaz gea geb gec ged gef geg geh gei gej
gel gem gen geo gep ger ges get geu gev
gey gez gia gib gic gid gie gif gig gih
gij gil gim gin gio gip gir gis git giu
giv giy giz goa gob goc god goe gof gog
goh goi goj gol gom gon gop gor gos got
gou gov goy goz gua gub guc gud gue guf
gug guh gui guj gul gum gun guo gup gur
gus gut guv guy guz

hab hac had haf hag hah hai haj hal ham
han hao hap har has hat hau hav hay haz
hea heb hec hed hef heg heh hei hej hel
hem hen heo hep her hes het heu hev hey
hez hia hib hic hid hie hif hig hih hij
hil him hin hio hip hir his hit hiu hiv
hiy hiz hoa hob hoc hod hoe hof hog hoh
hoi hoj hol hom hon hop hor hos hot hou
hov hoy hoz hua hub huc hud hue huf hug
huh hui huj hul hum hun huo hup hur hus
hut huv huy huz

iba ibe ibi ibo ibu iby ica ice ici ico
icu icy ida ide idi ido idu idy ifa ife
ifi ifo ifu ify iga ige igi igo igu igy
iha ihe ihi iho ihu ihy ija ije iji ijo
iju ijy ika ike iki iko iku iky ila ile
ili ilo ilu ily ima ime imi imo imu imy
ina ine ini ino inu iny ipa ipe ipi ipo
ipu ipy ira ire iri iro iru iry isa ise
isi iso isu isy ita ite iti ito itu ity
iva ive ivi ivo ivu ivy iza ize izi izo
izu izy

jab jac jad jae jaf jag jah jai jaj jal
jam jan jao jap jar jas jat jau jav jay
jaz jea jeb jec jed jef jeg jeh jei jej
jel jem jen jeo jep jer jes jet jeu jev
jey jez jia jib jic jid jie jif jig jih
jij jil jim jin jio jip jir jis jit jiu
jiv jiy jiz joa job joc jod joe jof jog
joh joi joj jol jom jon jop jor jos jot
jou jov joy joz jua jub juc jud jue juf
jug juh jui juj jul jum jun juo jup jur
jus jut juv juy juz

kab kac kad kae kaf kag kah kai kaj kal
kam kan kao kap kar kas kat kau kav kay
kaz kea keb kec ked kef keg keh kei kej
kel kem ken keo kep ker kes ket keu kev
key kez kia kib kic kid kie kif kig kih
kij kil kim kin kio kip kir kis kit kiu
kiv kiy kiz koa kob koc kod koe kof kog
koh koi koj kol kom kon kop kor kos kot
kou kov koy koz kua kub kuc kud kue kuf
kug kuh kui kuj kul kum kun kuo kup kur
kus kut kuv kuy kuz

lab lac lad lae laf lag lah lai laj lal
lam lan lao lap lar las lat lau lav lay
laz lea leb led lef leg leh lei lej lel
lem len leo lep ler les let leu lev ley
lez lia lib lic lid lie lif lig lih lij
lil lim lin lio lip lir lis lit liu liv
liy liz loa lob loc lod loe lof log loh
loi loj lol lom lon lop lor lot lou lov
loy loz lua lub luc lud lue luf lug luh
lui luj lul lum lun luo lup lur lus lut
luv luy luz

mab mac mad mae maf mag mah mai maj mal
mam man mao map mar mas mat mau mav may
maz mea meb mec med mef meg meh mei mej
mel mem men meo mep mer mes met meu mev
mey mez mia mib mic mid mie mif mig mih
mij mil mim min mio mip mir mis mit miu
miy miz moa mob moc mod moe mof mog moh
moi moj mol mom mon mop mor mos mot mou
mov moy moz mua mub muc mud mue muf mug
muh mui muj mul mum mun muo mup mur mus
mut muv muy muz

nab nac nad nae naf nag nah nai naj nal
nam nan nao nap nar nas nat nau nav nay
naz nea neb nec ned nef neg neh nei nej
nel nem nen neo nep ner nes net neu nev
ney nez nia nib nic nid nie nif nig nih
nij nil nim nin nio nip nir nis nit niu
niv niy niz noa nob noc nod noe nof nog
noh noi noj nol nom non nop nor nos not
nou nov noy noz nua nub nuc nud nue nuf
nug nuh nui nuj nul num nun nuo nup nur
nus nut nuv nuy nuz

oba obe obi obo obu oby oca oce oci oco
ocu ocy oda ode odi odo odu ody ofa ofe
ofi ofo ofu ofy oga oge ogi ogo ogu oha
ohe ohi oho ohu ohy oja oje oji ojo oju
ojy oka oke oki oko oku oky ola ole oli
olo olu oly oma ome omi omo omu omy ona
one oni ono onu ony opa ope opi opo opu
opy ora ore ori oro oru ory osa ose osi
oso osu osy ota ote oti oto otu oty ova
ove ovi ovo ovu ovy oza oze ozi ozo ozu
ozy

pab pac pad pae paf pag pah pai paj pal
pam pan pao pap par pas pat pau pav pay
paz pea peb pec ped pef peg peh pei pej
pel pem pen peo pep per pes pet peu pev
pey pez pia pib pic pid pie pif pig pih
pij pil pim pin pio pip pir pis pit piu
piv piy piz poa pob poc pod poe pof pog
poh poi poj pol pom pon pop por pos pot
pou pov poy poz pua pub puc pud pue puf
pug puh pui puj pul pum pun puo pup pur
pus put puv puy puz

rab rac rad rae raf rag rah rai raj ral
ram ran rao rap rar ras rat rau rav ray
raz rea reb rec red ref reg reh rei rej
rel rem ren reo rep rer res ret reu rev
rey rez ria rib ric rid rie rif rig rih
rij ril rim rin rio rip rir ris rit riu
riv riy riz roa rob roc rod roe rof rog
roh roi roj rol rom ron rop ror ros rot
rou rov roy roz rua rub ruc rud rue ruf
rug ruh rui ruj rul rum run ruo rup rur
rus rut ruv ruy ruz

sab sac sad sae saf sag sah sai saj sal
sam san sao sap sar sas sat sau sav say
saz sea seb sec sed sef seg seh sei sej
sel sem sen seo sep ser ses set seu sev
sey sez sia sib sic sid sie sif sig sih
sij sil sim sin sio sip sir sis sit siu
siv siy siz soa sob soc sod soe sof sog
soh soi soj sol som son sop sor sos sot
sou sov soy soz sua sub suc sud sue suf
sug suh sui suj sul sum sun suo sup sur
sus sut suv suy suz

tab tac tad tae taf tag tah tai taj tal
tam tan tao tap tar tas tat tau tav tay
taz tea teb tec ted tef teg teh tei tej
tel tem ten teo tep ter tes tet teu tev
tey tez tia tib tic tid tie tif tig tih
tij til tim tin tio tip tir tis tit tiu
tiv tiy tiz toa tob toc tod toe tof tog
toi toj tol tom ton top tor tos tot tou
toy toz tua tub tuc tud tue tuf tug tuh
tui tuj tul tum tun tuo tup tur tus tut
tuv tuy tuz

uba ube ubi ubo ubu uby uca uce uci uco
ucu ucy uda ude udi udo udu udy ufa ufe
ufi ufo ufu ufy uga uge ugi ugo ugu ugy
uha uhe uhi uho uhu uhy uja uje uji ujo
uju ujy uka uke uki uko uku uky ula ule
uli ulo ulu uly uma ume umi umo umu umy
una une uni uno unu uny upa upe upi upo
upu upy ura ure uri uro uru ury usa use
usi uso usu usy uta ute uti uto utu uty
uva uve uvi uvo uvu uvy uza uze uzi uzo
uzu uzy

vab vac vad vae vaf vag vah vai vaj val
vam van vao vap var vas vat vau vav vay
vaz vea veb vec ved vef veg veh vei vej
vel vem ven veo vep ver ves vet veu vev
vey vez via vib vic vid vie vif vig vih
vij vil vim vin vio vip vir vis vit viu
viv viy viz voa vob voc vod voe vof vog
voh voi voj vol vom von vop vor vos vot
vou vov voy voz vua vub vuc vud vue vuf
vug vuh vui vuj vul vum vun vuo vup vur
vus vut vuv vuy vuz

zab zac zad zae zaf zag zah zai zaj zal
zam zan zao zap zar zas zat zau zav zay
zaz zea zeb zec zed zef zeg zeh zei zej
zel zem zen zeo zep zer zes zet zeu zev
zey zez zia zib zic zid zie zif zig zih
zij zil zim zin zio zip zir zis zit ziu
ziv ziy ziz zoa zob zoc zod zoe zof zog
zoh zoi zoj zol zom zon zop zor zos zot
zou zov zoy zoz zua zub zuc zud zue zuf
zug zuh zui zuj zul zum zun zuo zup zur
zus zut zuv zuy zuz 


